# English 4 10 22

## Unit #2 activities 1 to 10

# 1

    benefits of commputers to our lives

- Increase your productivity  
  For example, once you have a basic understanding of using a word processor, you can create, store, edit, share, and print documents and letters. Each of these tasks was either impossible or slower with all pre-existing technologies.
- Connects you to the Internet  
  Connecting a computer to the Internet unlocks its full potential. Once connected, your choices and available options, as far as information goes, are almost limitless.
- Can store vast amounts of information and reduce waste
- Helps sort, organize, and search through information
- Help you learn and keep you informed
- Can make you money  
  For example, creating and running an online store is cheaper than having a physical store. Also, once online, your store or product has a global audience, and you could sell to anyone in the world.
- Improves your employment options
- Save time
- Keep you entertained

# 2

    main idea of text and why

1 computers  
4 computer classification  
6 personal computer  
9 personal computer classification  
12 workstation  
14 supercomputer  
16 mainframe

# 3

    true or false

1. T
2. F - input, processing, output and storage
3. T
4. F - used for engineering applications, software development, and other types of applications
5. F - able to hold **200** users at the same time.
6. T
7. T

# 4

    complete the outline

```
Types of Computers
I. Introduction
    A. Computer
    B. Functions
II. Characteristics(body?)
    A. Personal computer: characteristics
    B. Workstation: uses
    C. Minicomputer
    D. Supercomputer: characteristics
    E. Mainframe
```

# 5

    informative summary

Computers have been with us for decades and their impact has been profund in different fields of science and technology. Computers have four main functions: input, processing, output, and storage. Personal computers's main characteristics are that they are single-user system and are abased on microprocessors. Workstations are mainly used for engineering applications, software development, and other applications that require a moderate amount of computer power and relatively high quality graphics capabilities. A minicomputer is a multiprocessing system capable of supporting from up to two hundred users simultaneously. A supercomputer is an extremely fast computer that can perform hundreds of millions of intrucctions per second, are very expensive and are mainly employed for especialized applications that require large ammounts of mathematical calculations. And finally mainframes are powerful multi-user computers capable of supporting many hundreds or thousands of users simultaneously.

# 6

    read and check✅ present ideas in the text

✅personal computers at present  
✅historical background  
uses of workstations  
✅definitions and uses of personal computers  
✅(?)other companies choice

# 7

    choose correct option

1. B
2. A
3. A
4. A

# 8

    means present, support answer

**Description** - describes the structure of personal computers  
**Comparison** - compares IBM's PCs to their clones, according to price  
**Definition** - defines what a personal computer is

# 9

    write descriptive summary based on the means

Personal computers are all based on the microprocessor technology that enables manufacturers to put an entire CPU on one chip.In the business world personal computers are mainly used for word processing, accounting, desktop publishing, and database management applications, while at home are employed for mainly for gaming and surfing the internet. Personal computers first appeared in the late 1970, one of the first was Apple II, in 1977 by Apple Computer. In 1981 IBM entered the market with its first personal computer, known as the IBM PC. IBM PC quickly became the personal computer by choice and most computer manufacturers fell by the wayside. Other companies adjusted to IBM's dominance by building cheaper IBM clones. Today the world of personal computers is basically divided between Apple Macintoshes and PCs.

# 10

    one characterisic of each computer type

| type              | characteristic                                                                            |
| :---------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Personal computer | designed for an individual user                                                           |
| Workstation       | moderate amount of computing power and relatively high quality graphics capabilities      |
| Minicomputer      | suports up to 200 users simultaneously                                                    |
| Supercomputer     | extremely fast computer that can perform hundreds of millions of instructions per seccond |
| Mainframe         | supports hundreds or thousands of users simultaneously                                    |
